DRS ring oh there's no
sunshine anywhere strong winds
blowing God give us wisdom to grasp the
message in the air oh if I could have one wish and know
that it would come true I wish that God would give us strength to know just what
to do then we could tear down the fences that fence us all
in fences created by such evil men then
we could tear down the fences at fence St maybe we could have walk together
again [Music]
boy you don't know how good it is to be with you tonight welcome back to Lady
Babylon satanic initiation tonight oh boy we have
something for you tonight tonight we have the lace days we've got a whole world to step
into we're not just G to talk we're not just G to talk as if we have some kind of authority
we're not going to do that we're going to step into an entire text you're gonna
think I got into my ship and went back in time and wrote this because what we
have is we have the skin of a l stas we get to find out we
get to walk around in that uniform we get to see what it's all about we get to
bring that forward tonight in lady Babylon and then we get to have just a short little Prophecy of the
eclipse wonderful welcome to Lady
[Music]
Babylon tonight we're going in but in order to
cleanse this place we're going to have to call up a little bit of Fury we're
gonna as the you know as the machine is going and we're being transported to the
Past we're going to have to bring the
sulfur that will cleanse this and make it a Sacred Space and tonight I want to
do that with the darkness of the Thon I
want to do it with what is called holy sabba holy sabba so tonight welcome the
[Music]
furies [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
let's bring the eye of Justice through the fury tonight we're
going to look at the lace Stace this is a two-part series we're g to begin just
from the ground level we're not going to talk definitions well we will as I'll
show you but um we're not going to throw out ideas we're just going to give you the text let you figure out who the L is
and it just so happens that we have the leace
maximum greatest most raw raw that's
what Lucian tells us Lucian second century he's a Syrian he is a Syrian and
he is writing some of the greatest most beautiful Greek ever written isn't he writing in
Syrian no he's writing in Greek fantastic love it okay now that we
have it out of the way we're dealing with a Greek term tonight so I want to go back to the text see where it is
let's summon him bring me number one chewy hit it oh this is great this is Mark 1448 I
want to remind you that Jesus answered and said to them you know you can you
come out here against me with all your weapons like I'm a lace days that's what
he's saying before he gets arrested it's actually during his arrest right if you
had the chess cams of the cops that arrested Jesus in that public park with
that naked boy when he's like oh my God you know I'm not a l
Stace so we have to see what is being denied let's go to the let's go to the next
star system shall we look oh God you're going to love this yeah blow this up what am I bringing you tonight are you
are you ready somebody's got to write a life of the L stas right we're gonna do
it see he's got Lucian has got a problem in the opening of this work and by the way this is lucian's Alexander the false
prophet and Alexander was a real person just like Lucian they crossed paths and
Alexander is riding for us he is writing for us an
expose an expose on a man a man who was doing lots of tricky
nasty things to people a man who was involved in the trade a man who could do
miracles a man who had received the
knowledge through the apostleship of the one who knows the
pharmaka yeah this is great let's go you're gonna get into it tonight guys we're looking at lace days right in the
face right in the face this this thing is so big it is so big you can you're
going to love this you not wrap your mind around all right here ships here here everybody out put on your Lac days
costume we have to find out who this guy is okay bring it bring it what's that um
yeah so um somebody's got to do this he's he's saying look I know he's a bad
guy but somebody's got to ride about him anyway should we be you know he's asking should we be throwing this stuff out
there to people when they um you know they could hear better things about good
people we should write a book no no no got to write about them right this is
going to be helpful for you to see it that's all it took and Lucian was off
right Lucian was Off to the Races right okay so um let's go he is not only yeah
he's not just I just wanted to flash this up there just tell you look this this guy is not just your regular lace
days either he's your raw this are you ready to see what Lucian really has I
mean what Alexander really has on the inside you want to see that I mean this
is big people right you can't he's the he's the one who brings everything he's
the prime example of Lea Lea okay great so we've got a great
example here captive right bring up the next one chewy it's gonna show us what else is he about this L let's just go
back to his history but before we do look at the word laay here
epic for Leia ride booty spoil especially Etc mostly a cattle
right okay okay lace booty plunder um next one please yes and L on my oh
here's the verb I tell all my students go back to the verb and see what the verb does to seize his booty to carry
off is prey generally to get by force to gain to plunder to plunder to take to
carry someone off to carry someone off fantastic fantastic are we talking about
Pirates I am sorry if you are still thinking that aace is a
Buccaneer with a patch and some Voodoo that he picked up in the islands
you're in the wrong Century those don't exist that's not what we're talking about did they trade
on the waters yes they did they did they traded by on the water oh let's just get
let's just bring them in this is the guy that we've we've all been waiting for
this is our Jesus's reflection right this is within a century within a century of the events
of the Cross within a century another one of these guys steps up okay I'm just
going to bombard you I can't I can't take it are you ready for the images guys get ready just to absorb these Chey
hit me with the next one hit me with the next one oh fantastic so I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna um translate it for you so he says Lucian says let me try to
describe for you with my you know pen the the exact you know dimensions of
this guy as I'm able to and you know I'm gonna make it the picture as explicit as
possible okay his body his body was big
yeah and he was beautiful to look at I mean this guy was a god when it came to
his looks truly no no really he really was his his skin it's
white and he's um he doesn't have any of
the grownup hair on his chin he still got that he's still got that dewy hairy
stuff on his chin right just that light little peach fuzz that's mine I'm adding
a peach fuzz but that's that's what the Greek is saying there and then it goes on to say yeah what happened what
happened um his eyes I just want to fast forward his eyes oh God you can't look
in his eyes they're Gorgon man they full of the life not only are they that
they're Inon they're Inon people look at the third mik Bri students third the
last line from the bottom look at the first word Inon do you see what's
happening right this these are the kind of eyes that we want right give me the
next text give me the next text here we go this is gorgeous blow this one up
people I'm sorry if this gets out of hand I'm
sorry okay so thank you Lucian your Tes is that Alexander was exceptionally
handsome um and had an amazing look to him yeah and what what did you say about
his voice Hades State oh that's right he had the sweetest voice a voice that
could enchant you okay this kid has the Charisma we're not talking about an
adult we're talking about somebody who is not yet through
puberty okay wait a minute you mean we're starting here with a description
of the lace days of course we are who do you think is trafficking um I'm about to show you
this L Alexander trafficking children
specifically young boys okay let's go to the bring that text up again the one
yeah there we go okay can we get that out of the way yeah okay
so um okay so look when he was you know
when he was Meo when he was a miros when he was a little kid um when he wasn't
yet quite to the point of his complete Bloom
oron he was coming in to see season right put
yourself in the greatek shoes um that's how they're thinking about it when he was that young lad they
will translate it the Brits will translate it um back from 1850 he was a
young lad ah without the beard a young lad so
the text say and what happens um just jump down to the third line on aen
por everybody in Greek knows what is that por that means he was
prostituting um he was engaging in sexual activity um that's the proper
translation he was engaging in sexual activity before being through puberty
yes yes right we're talking about the L and the company that is kept by the L
and we're going to start with the Apostle this Alexander is the Apostle
are you ready so um he porned himself he went out and look on the next line
ksun yeah he he entered into intercourse for cash for an
exchange right and he did so with anybody who had the urge anybody who had the
urge okay um he's very smart Alexander was very
smart very smart and he figured out at a young age he
knew what was going to pay the bills he knew how to make it and he was
gonna use his good looks to get there he was gonna use his good looks right
fortunately Lucian says that wore off that wore off and that charm so when it did he entered into other aspects of
being a lace St being an apprentice and then graduating up to the one who took
over the practice are you ready for this you're going to love this people we get serpents in here in just a minute here
we gotta bust through these let's bring that same one up yep okay and so he's
porating himself people and I just want to say what are the real points here
yeah and so um one of the people that he was having as a client a paid client
happened to be a goise happened to be a magician one of his lovers happened to be a magician and this guy was committed
to the practice of magic and epodes and oracles and little gifty gifts done in
the act of Love okay um I take that for what it is
um and he was also into the cursing of your enemies into finding poola you know
stuff like that um these people are not trustworthy are they almond no no little
Timmy these people are not trustworthy right um these are the these are the
people that will take those children from their family members you know they'll jump on a boat these guys will
boat Jack you while you're out there your when your parents leave here comes
the L all right it's a
robber okay let's keep going I'm sorry but it feels so good people it feels so
good to be in those sources oh it feels so good okay um what else is going on
here oh yeah and he he knows how to um to work the Lots right that's important
and he sees this dot this um this magician guy who we're g to find out
later is a doctor this magician guy he knows he knows um all of this has all
this knowledge and he sees that this young kid has everything it takes the
drive he's not just beautiful right but he has the drive to
be able to succeed as a lace yeah this kid is the promised lace
this kid has the talent yeah you should see who his clients are you want to know an
Antiquity look at their clients you got any statues made about
you I don't they made statues you to
Alexander where are we talking by the way geographically we're talking in the
south side of the back Black Sea south side of the UK sign little
place called pagonia it's a wild frontier but the
people there have Customs you don't want to step on any
toes let's see what Alexander can do up there as a lay stas bring me that text
back one more time I just want to read down to the bottom chewy thanks yeah here we go and so what does he do what
does this guy do he takes him in as a student and he trains him up to be at
first like his underling and then his personal assistant and ultimately his
Deacon wait what yeah his
Deacon wait I thought that was Christian it is it's mystery
terms right within the cult how do you think they're getting these kids they're drugging
them yeah abducting and drugging remember the kid Judas that got drugged
we're about to see it again remember
Phillip
there we go oh I don't know how much of that got cut out but I'll just keep going um yeah so he says look he says
look um the guy was a doctor and this guy knew drugs and then he quotes Homer
right because he's I don't know lucian's just got to show everybody he's educated and literate and how did you show people
you were educated in the ancient world you quoted Homer you mean you didn't quote the
Bible no that thing's not around till the third Century right no you don't
quote that you quote Homer you quote Homer that shows that you've learned
you've learned your letters fantastic what about those other languages what other
languages show me bring me besides a few fragments of BS show me some literature
they don't have it because the language is equipped to handle the
burden that's the magic of the Greek that's the magic I'm GNA show you a word
you're not going to believe exists there's nothing we get like that in English you're not going to find it in Hebrew you're not going to find it in in
ugaritic you're not going to find it any other any other form of dialect or dialogue anywhere this this is the
Pinnacle the Pinnacle of linguistic Mastery ancient Greece man it's all
women teaching it too yeah Bronze Age late Bronze
Age love it why do you think they came up with oracles it's all
women yeah love it why don't you feminists go out and read your read your
sources and stop giving ridiculous lectures of
nothing sorry sorry I won't I won't do that
again okay let's go back to the let's go to the next Source let's go to the next Source anyway drugs drugs Homer was
telling the quote in Homer was about drugs it was about drugs and some there are the some drugs that are really good
strong drugs that are helpful and healing and there are other drugs you know what I mean that'll take you into a
place of Darkness it'll bring you into that zone who right that's the kind of
stuff that it these Bronze Age people are doing and most famous of them are the women media
and Cersei love it okay look at this quote
here I just want to focus one more time that he's a child in our book He's a
child he's not through puberty yet right he's right at the point of right at the point of
ripening perfect ripening is how they looked at it and I mean perfect is in farming perfect you know
um coming to the point of collection when one goes out and collects the fruit
that's how it's being talked about you see okay when you start reading Jesus
more closely you're going to now recognize you're going to see the images
that I'm giving you and you're going to recognize it in his little speeches now to his sheepies to his
sheepies yes what are you doing with that Woman Jesus okay go bring us the next text Jey
up look at this people this is time for just a definition of mayrock this is a
young girl right marakon was the other the boy right but I just want you to see
look how they defined it you know um you know lass okay what is a lass how old is
a lass kind of a young you know yeah exactly the age that they're trying to
describe that Lucian is giving us that age of growing into ripeness contemplate
that for one minute please contemplate that this is how they're aging people uhhuh when did you
get to ripeness when did you become the fruit to be picked that's how they're looking
at it all right it's very farming very agricultural the people are steeped in
it John sco told me once he said never forget 90% of these people are
farmers yeah okay fantastic love it love it let's go to the next one what is this
one this is a word break I just want you to conceptualize this for a minute blow
that up chewy yep that one too love it look look people what is mus what is mus
uh oh look at Raman numer number two to breathe hard especially during
compulation it comes from a Greek root that means to
Gran to Gran you can Gran within the right you
can enter that state of groaning that bringing out that
state is produced through this moose through
this breath this breath during
compulation brings the moan brings the moan okay you mean they had a word for
that they had a verb for doing that yes they did I defy you to find something so
complex so complex um and so detailed in any other
language including Latin including and very much including Latin the Romans know that they know that even modern
classicists know that right they know the difference between the helist and the
latinist right and I put the medievalist with the latinist we know
that
I'm back look at that into the
ab through the so I feel recharged Che bring us up with the next Source let's
just hit people people don't get scared it's about to get kind of scary kind of
yeah right um just remember he porated freely a
por he entered into sexual relations freely it's very important for
you to realize that okay when you start looking at the grooming process of L and
you can see it in Jesus's actions realize it's all a part of the game right this is what a l is remember he's
raising his hand saying I am not a leace when they arrest him okay let's keep
going next one next one this is going to get a little bit um oh yeah okay people
look I want to take you somewhere where classes don't normally take people into
the kind of into the most
intimately um real of the language that you can possibly get um let's look at
this verse this is from the Bible right and um the one who betrayed him right this is Mark the one who betrayed him
right he gave a sign to the people and he said look the one whom I kiss right
this is the one you should seize you know grab him grab him and you know
right away straight away he just walks up to Jesus and he says hey there
Rabbi and what is does he do he kind fens him he doesn't Fon him he can't
fens him there's difference filon would be he kissed
him K filon he kissed him
aggressively in a sexual manner bring me up the next
definition do you know what Judas did he was making a point to his lace wasn't he
he was making a point those drugs that he had been giving him and everything yeah what do you think identified him it
was the way Judas kissed him yeah and look at Jesus's reaction
yeah okay do what you're here to do right right he established that
connection with his leace master when he was doing it give me that
defin there we go um where the it's yeah a filo what is a
filo let's go to the one underneath that first yeah so Kil just because you know
people say oh what what are you saying right and it's an outrageous thing to
say you mean Judas was making out with Jesus yeah and Judas is underage yeah
and he's on drugs that Jesus spiked before the
before he ran off into the night oh my God this is a crazy party
you know what I mean get all the sheriff's officers here because what we're doing is you know we're getting
ready for that transdimensional arrest right we've got enough information all
we got to do is get the grand jury that's all we need to do and that's what we're getting ready
to R the the final episode yes fantastic
season seven is the ending by the way right everybody knows that fantastic let's go let's go it's been such an
honor to be able to bring you this information um go back to FMA though I actually wanted to show them that FMA um
people noticed that that word for kissing before um was also um look at
the bottom especially of an Amorous kiss the Kata
there is an intensifier really kissing him right
Judas walked straight up to him and really kissed him yeah yeah fantastic
and what is a FMA don't think that we haven't forgotten about the drugs go to the F the one above that watch this
people FMA oh God what a beautiful word right kisses as prizes in a game as a
symbol this becomes a symbol of Christian love it's in the first epistle to the
corini it's a symbol of the love fests you mean those love fests the Romans are
breaking up because they're all having sex with each other yes and what was the Roman excuse for breaking them up you
can't do that if it's mother and son ew
that was the Roman response they didn't care people were having orgies right it was all the incest stuff that was going
on with Christians that was the big problem Romans relate look you know ory
away but uh this is gross what you're doing right cool cool yeah that somebody
somebody got it right yeah let's go um to the FMA no one
more time the FMA people I just don't want you to forget the drugs look look look so what is this symbol of Christian
love look at number two associated with Cosmetics you know um in that
environment they're saying foras it's Faron um um the most likely explanation
is that those aren't like Cosmetics that you and I think of um they are being
applied the same ways but they're more drug mixtures yeah so pharmacon
classified as pharmacon right so um what is the association between the
love stuff and the drug drugs it's all there right when he gives Judas that
bread with the drug in it that's the one that causes the oysters that's the one
that causes the madness in order to enter that Bic
sexual frenzy yeah fantastic um cult wise I'm saying you
know what I mean it's a you know it's pretty standard though and Lucian says that right he said
he says look look people I got to be honest with you this guy Alexander he's
a terrible human being a terrible human being yeah yeah um but uh I want to show
him to you I want to show you in Vivid detail he was responsible for a kid
getting killed right no it was more than one it was several slaves getting killed
because he thought that they had been Reckless and guy had died somehow and it
was their fault right it turns out the guy showed up later and then in order to
cover his tracks when the kids showed up in public and they were like hey dirt bag look your kid is here that you
killed those other slaves for he said oh my God pick up rocks and stone the
little guy can you believe that can you believe
that when you so want to cover up the
reality that you are willing to act atrociously this is the motive of
someone whose reality is breaking down you fight you fight to push that
scaffolding back up no I've got all my ideas of who Jesus was and I can't
support them anymore this gets coming down you do whatever it takes even if you got to cover that kid in rocks and
they almost did Stone him but fortunately somebody stepped in right some big wig in the city stepped in and
saved the kid right this is a lace Stace this is a lce
St right let's go to the next one this is depressing but it's we're almost
through chapter one um I just want you guys to see here's more here's more so
um he gets involved look take it down I actually got to tell he goes through a couple of Partners and he eventually
decides what I have to do is I have to bring back a cult um that is telling
oracles some kind of shrine I have to have it legitimized he goes through a whole bunch of stuff ends up with a
snake right ends up with a snake that because of his actions people are thinking oh my God this snake is a this
snake is a prophetic Rebirth of Apollo yeah esus all the power of
medicine funnel into the physical manifestation of a serpent so he's
traveling around he's traveling around with some part a partner and some um
women who you know solution is just straight up you know they're they're
looking for some sort of entertainment and you know something I don't you know
okay they're traveling they're paying the bills right these are I forgot to mention these are wealthy women wealthy
women who no longer have husbands right and you know perhaps they
wish to Cort so he's cavorting on their dime on their dime um
aulus the the author got prosecuted for this it's called being a
Magus yeah okay so he ends up in Pella in
Macedon yeah and what's what does he find there just tell us what he finds here this La
days yeah and um he finds there these great serpents these serpents I'm just
going to translate it these serpents are there they're being nourished by the
women who are in this complex and they actually sleep with the children the
serpents they sleep with the children and look you know what happens these
things and I'm going to give you my translation right these things these
serpents are the ones that they hold
up these are the ones that they stroke
and when they do when they squeeze them
when they milk them they are not hostile and they drink the milk
from the tee they drink the milk from the tee yes that's what it says in the
same fashion as little babies do many many people have been gener ated
in this way wait a minute people keep listening up many people have been generated this way and that's why they
have that old myth of Olympus the mother of Alexander because when she conceived
Alexander she was with a snake
yeah yep okay okay when she was conceiving
Alexander do you know what serpents bring I'm gonna I'm gonna look we're out
here with real people from Antiquity we're out here with the real people do
you know what serpents do they make you
pregnant they are the masters of
fecundity they are the ones who bring that
womb the life in the earth go the
serpents yeah in the earth go the serpents do you know what drugs they're
using in the Midwife side yeah guess what they're using the
same ones that that dianic culture on the Black Sea used in
delivering children they use those Arrow
poisons fantastic the lace you mean the L St and the whole business of selling
children on the slave market prostituting children you mean the whole
business of that is rooted in this drug
use yep yeah do you know how valuable
those drugs are yeah you now don't be surprised you
can take a human being and turn them into a different
creation with the right drugs you mean you can go boy to girl
and girl to boy the snakes will show you how to go boy to girl and girl to
boy you say I thought this a human being that this was the first time humanity is
ever considered switching genders no no no no it is older than
Jesus
yes and don't think that when Lucian tells us that from this
legitimate doctor he calls him a public physician from
this legitimate doctor he was able to learn amazing
drugs it was the drugs that he got the power of because those Magi those guys
that's how they work is with the drugs that's how they
work yeah you can take a person you can force them into a state we don't do this
today but let's talk about about it just for a second the Magus he does you can
take a person you can even interrogate somebody under the right drugs and get the answers out that you need to get out
you don't have to beat them up you can put somebody into a state of psychic
frenzy you can put somebody into a psychosis imagine if there were a drug
that I could give you that would cause you to be insanely psychotic to the
point that before we give you the drug we're going to tie you down now you mean
you mean whoa hold on you guys Hopkins who were doing the studies and stuff like
that right you're not even a third of the way
there until you are tying down your patients restraining them right you talk
it you put them in the bed and you have a have a music Source on you're playing
some vivol Aldi seriously you think that you're going to
replicate that true experience no no
until you have them in a psychotic state after administering to them the
drugs rect through a medical probe after inducing a death
State and then a resurrection State what do you think this person is going to do
they're going to they're going to serve the great mother for the rest of time that's right they're going to be free
they've been to that bakic place have you been to that bakic place have you been there have you been filled with the
spirit no you haven't you thought being filled with the spirit was standing around in a group and saying hallelujah
which is a Greek word you thought it was a Hebrew word
you didn't even know where the Heritage your of your book was you people are
pathetic and I'm talking to every Bible scholar out there I'm talking to every
person who steps into the arena as a Divinity or as a
priest yeah doctor of
divinity that meaningless bring up the next text Chewy that guy deserve that okay let's go to
Luke 25 to kitties here we go and
Jesus Jesus came to completion he matured in Sophia in wisdom he U they
paid a hell of a lot for his Egyptian education you know you got this you got
the new King baby yeah and anyway what else did he grow in he grew in Haley Kia
Haley Kia what is Haley Kia um let's check that out with both men and God he
grew in this thing what is this blow this up chewy what a time of life or an
age oh look at number two prime of Life Prime of life oh I see it is that point
of having achieved that maturation see how you got to get back in their mind
you can't think like we do you can't think like we do yeah now where is he um
I want to show you him engaging in the slave trade yeah is it go to the next one here
we are yeah these are all the drugs people drugs drugs drugs they're all using drugs some of these drugs are
really they'll take you to Wonderland right and some of these W some of these
will darken you oh God I love it yeah you can become one who knows who knows
those things you can inherit that stuff you can inherit it it's a knowledge
people the drug stuff is just a knowledge when you can walk into
a the empire jamming our signal the Empire is jamming a signal now I know
some of you thought per chance I know
that Madame Mary of scom is praying for a miracle are you
one of the children of scom we are an affiliate we are an
affiliate of the sisters of
frustration are you one of the
screeders don't worry people it's almost it's almost over look what you can become a teacher of this stuff and
that's what he did as a lace St he had excuse me he had to enter into his magic
power he had to be able to perfect his
Maga you remember that stuff Philip was using oh guess what comes out of
Alexander's mouth the same stuff that Phillip said the same stuff that Phillip
said oh my God you know what his father's name was by the way
Phillip interesting interesting of course you know it's pretty common name so don't
get excited that's never going to hold up in court
right you might say right
maybe he was really old and when you're associating with um child prostitutes as
these people are um you know things happen so um especially now look at the
go to the next one let's look at what Philip is selecting okay are you ready for this this is fantastic and nobody nobody
should really blow that one up okay are you ready people this is the Clincher this is what everybody's been waiting
for I'm sorry it's taking me so long to get there are you ready here we go
so Alexander announced publicly that it was not right to have
sex with children that it was actually impious but he
himself entered into a different direction right for to the cities of
pontis and the cities of Paonia he had it announced that he was wanted them to
send him the boys and not just any boys but
it was necessary that they be
examined and overseen to the point of containing only boys that were yenic
that were what you know what I'm talking about they got no flaws they got no
flaws these are perfect boys what other what other kind of boys does he want he wants the ones that are
orot right for those of you who think you know what a l is no you can't keep
up orus they are the ones who have come to that most ripened stage and they got to
be known for their beauty yeah they got to be known for their beauty and what did he do these
particular boys that he got as tribute now where do you think these path
lonians where do you think these paffoni and these PE people who are living in
pontis this is all along the southern coast of the Black Sea these are all the
syian cultures right what do you think these people get children their
Raiders their Raiders shoot we've seen the thre
right thians are openly into it right yeah so um what do you do you send the
best of the best the cream of the crop to Alexander you send the best of the
best this is what a l does this is the job of the
L right when somebody tells you that this word appears so many times and it
only means this do you see that when the scaffolding falls from the evidence it's
impossible to hold it up it can only be that is the most
inaccurate incorrect statement I feel bad I don't want you my beloved audience
I don't want you Congregation of Satan to be fooled I don't want them to get
you I don't want them to pull you into the back alley I don't want them to this is my public service to keep you
from the depths the depths of the person who
finds the reality to be too overwhelming to take the person who
prefers to accept the fantasy knowing
that it is Fallen that it is a false reality right somebody comes to you my
children and says all of the examples of this are not that
listen to what they say all all of the examples it sounds to me it sounds to me
like you don't know what you're doing with a linguistic sword so stop
everybody stop behold the L stas let's go to we're
almost yes yes that one yeah that one um look uh here's a naan Cod on the second
line there's a young boy you know oint so they were thinking that this young
kid as he was sailing was was killed yeah or a a on the second line or they were
thinking that he was abducted by Pirates it doesn't mean pirate by the
way that's a joke he was abducted by
lace Stone okay why would this young handsome
aristocratic kid be abducted they were
robbers do you hear Do you hear it yet people I'm telling you there are those
in this world who are meant to deceive you they are living in a prison a prison
of their own fallacy oh oh my God but these lace
dayss are pretty cool um you know not because of what they do but because of
the incredible impact that it has on the culture I mean
think about it Jesus Christ was one of these or at least he was denying that he
was one crucified between two
others yeah I thought those guys were just stealing things no no no you just just
cut people's hands off for that stuff right yeah yeah these are the people who
control the kid trade so when Jesus is with all of his children and please
people this is making somewhat of an impact people are waking up to this fact
that the apostles are all teenagers some of them as young as maybe 10 to
12 yeah yeah people are getting it people are getting it um do we have one
more quote from the from Lucian and then I want to yeah oh no this is here take
it off take it off I I want to finish with this flourish with this flourish we
will have one more next time we'll talk again it'll be part two of Lucian
because I want to show you we've gotten just up to the point of the snakes and we didn't finish translating the snake
section together but but the oh yeah we did wait we did I
just didn't focus on the on the point um the fertility thing people please don't forget that don't forget that in the
whole medical cult the fertility thing is so important drugs fertility
transformation it turns out the snake Venoms or the thing the hormone
analoges right isn't that gorgeous figure out the right recipe and you can
switch you can switch oh my God we need to we need to
have this called right it's got let's just do it right we got to go
to the right doctors we got to have the right knowledge we got to proceed accordingly right that's how the society
is working all of that all of that is influenced by this child
trafficking this child prostitution Antiquity I know nobody nobody wants to
hear the word child prostitute nobody wants to except for a bunch of people uh
in funny chat spaces right and funny weird
places Dark Places right um conspirators right conspiracy that's who
wants to hear this is the people who believe in the conspiracies yeah look people it just
happens to be a fact that your ideas about the whole child ritual child rape yeah it's there and it
comes through Jesus yeah he's one of them they
crucified him for it with two others they took him out with the crowd
yelling no no no do not release Jesus crucify that one it wouldn't it be
funny if all Mel Gibson's audience all of his audience who are
watching that crucifixion and watching the people yell at Jesus isn't it funny
those people are just the pro- children people right those people are you you
modern Christians you modern evangelicals you have more in common
with the people who were insisting Jesus be
crucified yeah the dude was arrested with a naked kid are you going to stand with Jesus now are you going to stand
people want me to ask are you gonna stand with Jesus
now yeah in all good conscience no no
right hail Satan yeah hail Satan you don't see Satan out there do you you
don't see him lay staying himself all over the place that's the Son of God
doing that yeah okay next time you give the the
devil any sort of trash that's what we got let's go to
that I'm going to give you a bonus here it is people are you ready there's an eclipse coming up there's an eclipse
coming up so I just thought I'd bring some Eclipse Greek this take it yeah go ahead leave it up this gu um is from
arilus who is seventh century he's a lyric poet right
seventh century he's creating him for those of you who want to find out the
relevance he's creating hymns to bakas yob he addresses him as
iob right and arilus very famous guy he made people commit suicide with his
poetry that's how good he was but he met a um uh his father one day told him hey
go out arilus and get the cows he went out to get the cows found a group of um
beautiful women and they exchanged his cows for a li a liar a liar right isn't
that nice so he took it home and he started playing music anyway he became one of the most famous musicians of his
time and he was uh called by the Oracle a servant of the Muse right um and was
acknowledged right if you get acknowledged at the oracular level right in the seventh century um
that is a huge deal the only reason that you and I take it down for one second the only reason that you and I have ever
heard of Socrates Plato and I would argue Aristotle too although Aristotle may
have made it on its own on his own um but Socrates and Plato the only reason
you have ever heard those names is because an oracle said um he's the wisest guy in
Athens yeah right right he he knows that he doesn't
know he's the wisest guy in Athens nobody he would have never been famous
so um there's there are oracles that are doing the that are moving Society
forward like this and arilus is recognized but you know let's see what
he says about the eclipse I'll just translate it for you should we let's go on the hyperdrive here boom yeah so
there is no long longer anything that's unhoped for
unimaginable there's no sort of Wonder since Zeus the father of
Olympus made the Sun dark in the middle of the
day he hid that shining sun and now humanity is
terrified now we know know that all things we trust in in all of those
things we hope in those can happen don't let anyone of you who looks
upon this Eclipse don't let any one of you
wonder when the Dolphins get up and go to the
forest and the beasts of the field run into the
sea don't let anyone
Wonder thank you for coming tonight next time we're going to look in part two at
the Great Serpent God the Great Serpent God we've seen the queen and we get to
go through such a beautiful Avenue we get to go through olympius we get to go through that sacred woman doing a sacred
act oh you're going to love it and when you see it you're GNA realize why Jesus
was saying I am not one of these thank
you for coming I'm going to call the evening an evening I'm not going to be
able to go um to uh to a Discord after
this um thank thank you so much for your time thank you so much for your time and
I appreciate all of the input that everybody has um and your comments and
I'm loving it I'm loving it emails love that stuff I'm not making a penny off of it devil won't let me thank you very
much for coming hail Satan that us all
in Fes created by such evil men then we
could tear down the fences that fence us all in maybe we could walk together
again just maybe we could walk
together again